Desktop + Mobile freindly controls
  Focus on taps and smooth drags, swiping is annoying on desktop.

Game where AI can be simple, or non-existant

Something is a puzzle or strategy genre
  I want players to think



Not Found
Something is missing?
Something was never there?
Something is hidden?
Something was destroyed?

"Hacking" themed game?
Trying to recover something?
Trying to uncover something?

Zachtronics style game?
Give the player alot of choice and agency to solve problems?
Some sort of threat/lose condition that needs to be stopped or redirection or delayed
Some end goal / result you are are working towards at the same time

A Zachtrontic style puzzle/logic game with a turn based aspect?


Various tools to use, but once a square is filled its filled?

Firewall to stop threat for x turn(s)

If an 'enemy' sees a tile it will begin seeking
If the player connects with the goal, all enemies will begin searching for the player's pressence

Without a Trace

Hardline - Advances Connection over grid - move up to 2 per turn
Wireless Point - Connection can jump gap 
Proxy - Delays enemy seek
Firewall - stalls incoming enemy connection
Red Herring - Redirect attention?
Splitter
Merger
Honey Pot

Encryption?

If player's connection comes within range of enemy, they will begin to seek.

player must connect, then get a delete command through?
player must connect and survive x turns?
secondary part when player must queue up commands?
if connection detected player is being sought out
if command is detect enemy may pull plug?
yellow vs red? (suspicous vs alerted)
encrypted lines are slower?

Each tool tile has a cost, and some will incur a delay
Many answers to a problem, players can try to reduce time to hack and cost


Enemy AI, if it can see the player's line(s), it will move 1 space until on the line, then begin seek mode
Enemy AI ignores dead lines (not connected to player)
Seek mode will crawl the a line in both directions, send 1 probe each way
If seek hits a splitter it will trace down the input line
If a seek hits a merger it will send a probe down each line
If seek hits a proxy, that probe will pause for 1 step, then jump to the resolving proxy input?
If seek hits a honeypot, all probes will pause for 2 steps
If seek reaches player before level is complete the solution fails


Maybe no enemies???

Obsticles for solutions?
Firewalls?
